Cleanup Concepts page (#2409)
flyteorg/flyte: rsts/concepts/tasks.rst

Can "X" Be a Flyte Task?
-------------------------

When deciding if a unit of execution constitutes a Flyte task, consider these questions:

- Is there a well-defined graceful/successful exit criteria for the task? A task is expected to exit after completion of input processing.
- Is it repeatable? Under certain circumstances, a task might be retried, rerun, etc. with the same inputs. It is expected
  to produce the same output every single time. For example, avoid using random number generators with current clock as seed. Use a system-provided clock as the seed instead. 

> - Is it a pure function, i.e., does it have side effects that are unknown to the system (calls a web-service)? It is recommended to avoid side-effects in tasks. When side-effects are evident, ensure that the operations are idempotent.

Reviewer: Is this rendering properly?

Author: Yes..https://flyte--2409.org.readthedocs.build/en/2409/concepts/tasks.html#divedeep-tasks

Dynamic Tasks
--------------

"Dynamic tasks" is a misnomer. 
Flyte is one-of-a-kind workflow engine that ships with the concept of truly `Dynamic Workflows <https://blog.flyte.org/dynamic-workflows-in-flyte>`__!
Users can generate workflows in reaction to user inputs or computed values at runtime. 

> These executions are evaluated to generate a static graph before execution commences. Such static graphs are shareable, and reproducible without any external infrastructure.

Reviewer: Can you remove this line?

Extending Task
---------------

Plugins
^^^^^^^

Flyte exposes an extensible model to express tasks in an execution-independent language. 

> It contains first-class task plugins (For example: `Papermill <https://github.com/flyteorg/flytekit/blob/master/plugins/flytekit-papermill/flytekitplugins/papermill/task.py>`__, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It contains first-class task plugins (for example: `Papermill <https://github.com/flyteorg/flytekit/blob/master/plugins/flytekit-papermill/flytekitplugins/papermill/task.py>`__, 
```

`Great Expectations <https://github.com/flyteorg/flytekit/blob/master/plugins/flytekit-greatexpectations/flytekitplugins/great_expectations/task.py>`__, and :ref:`more <integrations>`.) 
that execute the Flyte tasks. 

> Almost any action can be implemented and introduced into Flyte as a "Plugin", that includes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Almost any action can be implemented and introduced into Flyte as a "Plugin", which includes:
```

  To set a transient failure retry:

  - Update `MaxWorkflowRetries <https://github.com/flyteorg/flytepropeller/blob/f1b0163b0b88200b38a5d49af955490e5c98681d/pkg/controller/config/config.go#L55>`__ in the propeller configuration.

  - Or update `max-workflow-retries <https://github.com/flyteorg/flyte/blob/33f179b807093dcad2f37bde832869103bdf5182/charts/flyte/values-sandbox.yaml#L143>`__ in helm.

2. User retry: If a task fails to execute, it is retried for a specific number of times, and this number is set by the user in `TaskMetadata <https://docs.flyte.org/projects/flytekit/en/latest/generated/flytekit.TaskMetadata.html?highlight=retries#flytekit.TaskMetadata>`__. The number of retries must be less than or equal to 10.

.. note::
  
   Recoverable vs. Non-Recoverable failures: Recoverable failures will be retried and counted against the task’s retry count. Non-recoverable failures will just fail, i.e., the task isn’t retried irrespective of user/system retry configurations. All user exceptions are considered non-recoverable unless the exception is a subclass of FlyteRecoverableException.

**Timeouts**
  

> To ensure that the system is always making progress, tasks must be guaranteed to end gracefully/successfully. The system defines a default timeout period for the tasks. It is possible for task authors to define a timeout period, after which the task is marked as ``failure``. Note that a timed-out task will be retried if it has a retry strategy defined. The timeout mechanism is handled `TaskMetadata <https://docs.flyte.org/projects/flytekit/en/latest/generated/flytekit.TaskMetadata.html?highlight=retries#flytekit.TaskMetadata>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure that the system is always making progress, tasks must be guaranteed to end gracefully/successfully. The system defines a default timeout period for the tasks. It is possible for task authors to define a timeout period, after which the task is marked as ``failure``. Note that a timed-out task will be retried if it has a retry strategy defined. The timeout can be handled in the `TaskMetadata <https://docs.flyte.org/projects/flytekit/en/latest/generated/flytekit.TaskMetadata.html?highlight=retries#flytekit.TaskMetadata>`__.
```

Caching/Memoization
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Flyte supports memoization of task outputs to ensure that identical invocations of a task are not executed repeatedly, thereby saving compute resources and execution time. For example: If you are debugging your code and wish to run it multiple times, you can re-use the output instead of re-computing it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flyte supports memoization of task outputs to ensure that identical invocations of a task are not executed repeatedly, thereby saving compute resources and execution time. For example, if you wish to run the same piece of code multiple times, you can re-use the output instead of re-computing it.
```
